<br>

## Creating a Docker Hub account

**Skip this part if you already have an account that you want to use for this tutorial.**

Follow the instructions on Docker Hubs's [Sign Up](https://hub.docker.com/signup) page to create an account.


## Login to Docker Hub

Login to the DockerHub repository web site by visiting (https://hub.docker.com/).  
Then login in your terminal using the `docker` CLI.
You will be asked to enter your username and password which will be cached for future use.

`docker login`{{execute}}

## Create an image and test it locally

There are a few images locally on the machine, to view them execute `docker images`{{execute}}

We will not create a Docker image using the Jib Maven plugin, which is configured to execute under the `dockerhub` profile.

`./mvnw package -Pdockerhub`{{execute}}


View the container images that was generated by executing `docker images`{{execute}}

You can make sure that the image runs successfully by executing `docker run`:

```
docker run -it -p 8080:8080 spring-sample-app
```{{execute}}

Send a request to the app:
```
curl localhost:8080
```{{execute T2}}

Press `# Ctrl+C`{{execute interrupt T1}} to stop the app before proceeding.

## Push image to Docker Hub

Now we will tag the image with your Docker Hub user account so it can be pushed to Docker Hub.

Execute

 `docker tag spring-sample-app  <YOUR-DOCKERHUB-USERNAME>/spring-sample-app` 
 
 Then push the container image to the Docker Hub registry.  
 Browse the [registry](https://hub.docker.com/) and you will see the new image listed.

 That's all folks!
 











`


